Brilliant.
We have our setup so why don't we get busy coding and the first thing that we're going to be working
on is gonna be this header section where first we're gonna set up Operation AML with this subtitle title
as well as the button.
Obviously if we know what we're going to be doing can just close this welcome here.
We're gonna leave these two tabs open just because we're gonna be working on them.
However I going to close the sidebar because I think that way.
We for sure have a little bit more real estate and in my opinion that can give us a little bit more
understanding what we're doing here.
I'd like to start very very simply by getting rid of everything that we wrote in the last video.
Let's save this.
And sure enough now I don't see this annoying text.
What else.
Now let's start by acting comments or adding comments.
The reason for these comments is later on we're going to work on a map bar as well as on this button.
Technically there is no reasoning to put it place it here and not top the now bar award.
Now mutton because we're gonna be using position fixed so this could be all the way in the bottom somewhere
in the middle doesn't really matter.
But just to stay consistent meaning there's going to be a button and a number.
Why don't we first create the comments and they're all gonna be there.
So I'm going to write this now.
Button as well as I would like to right now.
So this is going to be nav bar and then we're gonna write comments for that are we all gonna do the
NAV button and now bar all the way at the end.
Just because I would like to get the rest when the project is under way but just so we know where we're
going to replacing them we're gonna have these coming and then I'm gonna say here that we're gonna be
working on a header and right away.
I don't know this is real again really opinionated but I like the fact that the end of header so that
way I can always know that okay within these comments I have my header section where I have my about
section or whatever.
Yada yada yada ja section.
And that way whenever I want to copy and paste something I can just grab from one comment to the other
one is that something you need to do.
Now you can avoid the comments altogether.
Is that is something that's helped me.
Yeah it does.
So that's the reason why I'm here.
Let's start by a simple header element and then I would like to add some class.
Now the class is going to be very straightforward.
I'm just going to give it this header element a glass of header letter.
Then within the header I'm gonna place some Dave where the class of manner and we already know that
we damn it we just need to write the class name and if we add to that now we're gonna be getting the
div with our class of batter.
Right what else.
Let's say there's going to be hitting three and you can see that I messed up a little bit.
I could have just write down or subtitle and that would be my class.
And then what kind of text we would like to write within the setting three I believe we said over one
hundred flavours of tea.
Now let me go back and let's say over one hundred or million flavours of tea.
OK well let me know that.
I don't know.
Probably said it and then I wrote it.
But let's just deal with the tea team having three good.
Awesome drum roll please.
We have our having three within the heading One.
Let me maybe add the right away class and let's say banner call this banner title and then for the battle
title that's right speciality crafted crafty speciality graph third and we're going to call this tea.
Now let me say it and now I have my mining three as well as the heading One that's gonna be the text.
What else.
Well we have the link we have this bad boy here with an explorer obviously we haven't created the pages
yet on the sidebar we have only indexation email but later on it's kind of understanding that we're
going to be creating rest of the pages so this will gonna be link I'm going to say link and for the
link let's say a trip is gonna go to skills I should email again.
Page does not exist at the moment but it will run and we can right away maybe add some class let's say
a class is going to be banner but on.
So banner dash beat are what is gonna be within the link let's write X law so that should be our basic
email setup once we have the setup we can head over to see this and start styling this bad boy.